#summary This project is aimed at C++ developers who want to use V8 Embedded
#sidebar TableOfContents

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

CProxyV8 provide an easy way to expose properties and methods from C++ classes to Java Script using V8 engine without the need to specify callbacks for each item.

=== Objectives ===

1. Avoid the need of specifics callbacks declarations required by V8 and replace it by hidden generic callbacks directly to the object instance.

2.Provide an easy way to expose properties from C++ objects to Java Script V8

3. Provide an easy way to expose methods from C++ objects to Java Script V8

4. Avoid the need of MACROS to declare types or keep tracking of all classes. The compiler must take care of this with templates.

5. Achive this without modification of V8 code.

6. Reflexion_(to be implemented)_, provide a way to call from C++ methods in C++ or JS with the same syntax. See [http://code.google.com/p/cproxyv8/wiki/SomeIdeas Ideas]

Usage: [http://code.google.com/p/cproxyv8/wiki/Usage Basic Example]

===Advantages==

Types are handle automatically by C++ templates, if at some point the type of property or the type returned by methods needs to be changed, it does not affect the expose process to JS, the programmer can change the type where the property or method is declared

Different kind of CProxyClass can be implemented to achieve things like statistics and controlling access to properties and methods.

CProxyClass behavior is almost like the Class class in Java, if it becomes useful nice [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_(computer_science) reflection] can be archive adding more functionality to this class or a child of it, and the information will be available to C++ code.